New post: Adding users to your server (#66)
FalixNodes-Software/help-center: _posts/falix/general/2021-09-24-adding-users-to-your-server.md

---
layout: post
title:  "Giving users access to your server panel"
categories: Falix
tags: fxgeneral
permalink: /falix/general/giving-users-access-to-your-panel/
---

# Giving users access to your server panel

> If you need to give other users access to your panel, you can easily do so using the "users" feature in the game panel, follow the steps below to learn how:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to give other users access to your server panel, you can easily do so using the "users" feature in the game panel, follow the steps below to learn how:
```

> > Note: Make sure the user you are adding is already registered in Falix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Make sure the user you are adding is already registered in Falix, otherwise this will not work.
```

> 1. Go to the [Game Panel](https://panel.falixnodes.net) and click on any server you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [Game Panel](https://panel.falixnodes.net) and click on your server.
```

> 2. Click on "Users" at the top of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on the "Users" tab at the top of the page.
```
